Add restarter predicate to restart proxies after native sidecar becomes a default (#1627)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.22.0.md

## New features

> - From now native sidecars will be the default type of container for Istio proxies. See [#1621](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/1621).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now, native sidecars are the default type of container for Istio proxies. See [issue #1621](https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/1621). To learn more about this change, read [Regular and Native Sidecar Containers](https://kyma-project.io/#/istio/user/00-20-istio-proxy-as-native-sidecar?id=regular-and-native-sidecar-containers).
```
